hey everyone so today I want to revisit
an oldie but a goodie
this is Oyen handmade whip pudding I
initially use this when I had a TWA for
those of you don't know what that
acronym means it is a teeny weeny afro
and at first like I kind of didn't love
it just because I think I really was
still learning my hair I really didn't
know how to use it and this is a very
heavy cream and I think I was using too
much of it it was kind of weighing my
hair down it can make your hair greasy
if you use too much but now I bought it
again because they sell it at Whole
Foods now and they're also selling at
Target which is awesome so it should be
really easy for everyone to get and I my
opinion of this stuff has changed so
much so let me just briefly go over my
little overview so it is like I said
it's a very thick cream it is
water-based but it has lots and lots of
butter so like I said shea butter aloe
vera juice cacao C butter custard seed
oil coconut oil you guys know I love
coconut oil sweet almond oil olive oil
has some beeswax glycerine is in here
but it's very low at the bottom because
it's so low and it had so many butters I
don't really feel super affected by it
and it also has honey so the ingredients
are awesome and the way I like to use
this obviously for me this really is
going to be a styler you can just tell
by looking at it very thick cream not
going to your side you can actually use
it on your body if you want and it
smells like chocolate so obviously you
know that is going to make me super
super happy but you can use it anywhere
and I'd like to use it either to seal my
ends just to refresh my hair because
surprisingly you know it's really really
thick it doesn't leave a lot of coating
on your hair so you don't get a lot of
build-up when you use it when it
dissolves or when it's done absorbing
into your hair it's not like you have a
lot of white flakes or anything like
that so it's really good for adding
moisture to your hair after you have had
it out for a few days or also I like
use it for dry braid outs lately I've
been kind of doing like four braids on
my hair and just letting them out like
the next day when my hair gets really
poofy and frizzy from my wash and go so
I don't have to wash my hair because it
takes like forever and it takes for my
hair to dry so I really really like it
like that I think there's a video that I
did maybe like a couple months ago and
that was the product i use for my braid
out and it really turn out awesome it
but like I said it wasn't gunky it dried
well it didn't take fifty days to dry
like a lot of my products they dried
overnight so that was really beneficial
to me so I I want to say that I'm going
to call this one my holy grails now just
because I kind of and more into water
based moisturizer is very thick
moisturizers to seal my ends with just
because so then I'm getting that
moisture and those sealing properties
not just within oil I like to get a
little bit of moisture on my ends to
make sure they're not all dry funky no
one wants drying funky ends so I think
that is a great way to use this product
however I know that is going to take me
forever to use it up so when I get to
the end of it sometimes my opinion
eventually changes so then it might be
six months down the road I might feel
differently about it but for now I'm
definitely going to add it to my HD list
especially because I had to tear remover
Bay from my HT list because they no
longer make my Bay so that's really all
I have to say about it if you're happy
about this product please let me know if
you have finer hair I think you need to
be a bit careful with how much you use
my hair really well not really coarse oh
it's medium coarse so I think I can get
away with it a little bit more but if
you fine hair you can weigh your hair
down it's very very heavy so just be
mindful of how much you're using a
little does go a long way with this
product when I put it on my ends or
actually you don't even put it just on
my ends I probably put on like the lower
half of my hair I
we only use a finger tip full for my
entire head I'm not going to use a ton
at a ton of this product so let me know
if you have any questions and also if
you ever have questions for questions of
the day just leave them in the comments
that I'll be sure to get to you alright
thanks so much have a happy Cinco DeMayo
because I'm sure I probably won't talk
to you for yet but how do you see go to
Maya all right but